Update variant-jumping.md (#150)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/guides/troubleshooting/variant-jumping.md

## Remove users who variant jumped from experiment analysis

> Generally, when doing analysis you want to be careful when removing data as you may introduce bias in your results. It's better to understand the cause of variant jumping and fix any implementation bugs, so this doesn't happen again in future  experiments. If you feel you have a legitimate reason for removing users who jumped variants, you can toggle the "Exclude users who variant jumped" to on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you analyze results, be careful when you remove data, as you may introduce bias in your results. It's better to understand the cause of variant jumping and fix any implementation bugs, so this doesn't happen again in future  experiments. If you feel that removing users who jumped variants is the best course of action, enable **Exclude users who variant jumped**.

```
